README.md, before:

# Simple Chatbot

This project is a simple chatbot application built using Python. The chatbot processes user input and provides responses based on predefined logic.

## Features

- Handles user input and provides responses.
- Simple and easy-to-understand logic.
- Lightweight and minimal dependencies.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x
- Required libraries (if any, based on `app.py`)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-repo/simple-chatbot.git
    cd simple-chatbot
    ```

2. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage

Run the chatbot application:
```bash
streamlit run app.py

Interact with the chatbot through the Streamlit interface in your web browser.

## File Structure

- `app.py`: Main application file containing the chatbot logic.
- `requirements.txt`: List of dependencies (if applicable).

## Example

```bash
> Hello
Chatbot: Hi there! How can I assist you today?
> What is your name?
Chatbot: I am your friendly chatbot.
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.

## Contributing

Feel free to fork the repository and submit pull requests for improvements or new features.

Commit message:

Add README.md to the repository.

README.md, after:

# Simple Chatbot

This project is a simple chatbot application built using Python and LangChain. The chatbot processes user input and provides responses based on predefined logic and language model capabilities.

## Features

- Handles user input and provides intelligent responses.
- Built with LangChain for enhanced conversational capabilities.
- Lightweight and minimal dependencies.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x
- LangChain library
- Required libraries (based on `app.py`)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-repo/simple-chatbot.git
    cd simple-chatbot
    ```

2. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage

Run the chatbot application:
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

Interact with the chatbot through the Streamlit interface in your web browser.

## File Structure

- `app.py`: Main application file containing the chatbot logic and LangChain integration.
- `requirements.txt`: List of dependencies.
- `README.md`: Documentation for the project.
